Let me record just so that the founders can watch their feedback. So founders, these are, we have Tom as a mentor and we have 3 alumni here.
You guys have actually already met Tom for mentor Venus and you've met Jake because he did a workshop.
You've also met Andrew because he was on the alumni panel but you haven't met James.
So James and Andrew were Very good at giving their classmates pitch feedback, which is why I always think of them.
Well, this is Andrew's 1st time coming back as an alum, but James, we've had back multiple times.
Because he was like Nelson in your group, we're giving feedback to the classrooms that was really helpful.
Tom is also really great. He's helped us for years at pitch practice and then Jake gave one of the best pitches that we've studied.
So we have 4 experts here to give you guys feedback. There's also a super safe space because These are your like basically your brothers because you're all our portfolio company.
So there's really no need to be perfect or anything. And our alumni and Tom, you guys can give pretty honest feedback.
It's really helpful. We're about a week out demo days a week from tomorrow. So.
Things are pretty much finalized at this point, but can change. If you guys have like small changes to make, but it'll be a lot more about how they're presenting it.
Then like restructuring the whole pitch. If there are some words that you think should change or like be removed, we can do small tweaks because they saw the week.
But a lot more about how they're giving the pitch. Delivery, if you understood it, anything like that.
And then anything that you might be wondering that you think like they should still address, let us know that too, because they're still crafting their QA right now.
Oh, that made me wonder like this burning question. Let us know because maybe if that's not in their QA, we can add it.
Cool, so why don't we do intros? We'll start with Tom and then we'll go to our alumni and then.
We'll let everybody volunteer to pitch.
Thanks, Leon. I'm always a pleasure and honor to be here. Cyber hugs everybody in love.
I have 40 your tech veteran. I'll spare you the I'll spare you the details but I've been I've been a mentor and occasional angel investor since 2,014 I've been involved with tech star since 2017 Mostly here in Chicago until recently.
Working with the great folks on the West Coast. And, Gosh, you know, I, so I, I've.
Probably spoken to over a hundred companies at least once, probably 20 at multiple times and a few of them still keep in touch with from many years ago.
So I've I try to bring a long perspective and a breath of knowledge to any any way I can help you folks.
Thanks, Tom. Let's go to Jake. Jake, most people saw your workshop, but just in case, just run them who you are.
Cool. Nice to meet everybody. I'm Jake. I am CEO and counter exist.
Zest is a consumer subscription app that teaches people how to cook. So if you're familiar with Duolingo, we're like dualing your buffer cooking.
Lilian, what would be most helpful? Just like in terms of
What and you went through text, there's like when, what's your demo day? Summer, 2022.
So, 2020. Yeah, I think early fall 2022.
You go to Texas.
Yeah, hey, everyone, nice to meet you. James, we're in the CEO and founder of Sami Health, digital care platform that helps patients with sleep disorders get their sleep back.
I went through tech stars last a year ago. So demo day coming up on a few days a year ago in the spring of 23 was when we went through it.
So excited for you guys in the week ahead and congratulations on making this far.
Awesome. And then Andrew, remind us who you are. I think the last time we saw you was week one, so it's been a while.
Yeah, get to see you guys at the very beginning and now at the very end. Andrew Penner, founder and CEO of Auto.
We went through tech stars in fall of last year and so Fairly new, all things considered out of there was pretty recently in your shoes.
And excited to hear your pitches.
Awesome. Thanks, guys. Okay, so why don't we have the founders drop in the chat, whoever wants to volunteer, we have 2 h, so we should be able to get through everybody who's present.
Does anybody want to volunteer to go first? st And then we can just start a queue in the chat.
Okay, Valeria is first.st You're gonna give Tell us if it's pitch or video first.st
And then just give your pitch without context of the other parts. And if they have any burning questions, they can tell you about the QA.
So we'll just focus on the pitch today.
Okay. Yeah, so it's video 1st and then pitch and then Q&A. So just should I get right into it?
Yeah.
Alright, there are over 200 million small businesses, artists, makers and thrift shops selling on Instagram.
Many of these are run by single person as a passion project or a side hustle. As they grow shipping becomes this miserable chore, taking more and more time away from the fun parts of their business.
Thrift ship is here to change that. We've reduced the average shipping time for Instagram sellers by up to 75%.
A value add that's already attracted over 1,800 users and helped to sell nearly $300,000 in shipping labels last year.
Yeah.
Moving forward, we want to keep automating and simplifying the process. That's why we're launching thrift ship 2.0 next week with the goal of making shipping as easy and error-free as possible.
With the roadmap full of new features were set to compete with much larger companies and help our users grow even more.
Our vision is to support businesses across all social media platforms and help them spend more time on the fun parts of their business and less on shipping.
That was 1 min.
And our judges just feel free to unmute like I won't call on you guys. You guys can just.
Speak as you'd like.
Happy to kick things off. Great job, Valerie, and, always fun to go first.st
You set the benchmark. Yeah, I think it immediately caught my attention with the 200 million.
So that was great. I think great way to kind of pull me in to the pitch and I think you did a great job.
Of explaining the problem on the user side. I think where you lost me a little bit was on the second half of the pitch.
You kind of started talking about the competition a little bit and to me that didn't feel like it added a ton in the pitch of you know that maybe that's something that you address in the QA if that's a concern because I think it was like oh big opportunity.
Then you were kind of talking about competition a little bit and then I think the other piece too was the 1,800 users pop my attention the $3,000 on the shipping levels that kind of left me wondering of like oh do you only make like 2 bucks per user like it that doesn't seem like a lot of money you know and so then I'm kinda like Oh, well, maybe this 200 million isn't such a
Oh yeah, wait, I said 300,000.
big opportunity. So just think about how you communicate your Oh, okay, okay, sorry, then that's much more impressive.
Now you get your good. I was like wait shit. Okay, okay
Then you've got my attention. So, sorry, I heard 3,000, and then you got my attention. So, sorry, I heard 3,000 for some reason.
So I need to enunciate more on that. So that's good to know.
No, no, that's my mistake. Yeah, and so I think that the main piece was, that, fix that one.
And then I think it was on the competition side just felt like it wasn't necessary in the 1 min.
Yeah. That totally makes sense. Thank you.
Yeah, it's just kinda bad like what's attractive within your business model. So like within.
Like great page within James point there. I care about current traction and then I care about scaleability and it's like how do you make like how do you make money and you don't want to get caught in a situation where someone's like ruminating on a question their head and they're not listening to you at all.
And so like to the degree that you can get in front of that, I don't think that was like a crippling problem.
For you at all but I was left with like okay so number one is house retention and number 2 is like why are you launching the second version of your product, like it's the, or is it not working?
Yeah.
Because there's real, there's number of logic there. So I would say like going into the QA, as long as you do risk those 2 things, I think you're in a great spot.
Okay.
He, he, it's time here. Great pitch. And you know, I do like your usage.
So to echo what they both said, I like your use of numbers. And since I'm older, like, so it takes me a while to get going.
And some people in your audience might be, think about, I might challenge you to think about what's the one thing you want me to remember.
Like, do you want me to remember your traction? Do you want me to remember the number of users you currently have?
Do you want me to remember your margin? Do you want me to, like, what do you want me to remember, right?
And, and, and think about how you might convey that. And I obviously I don't see the video.
I'm not here, you know, we don't get the QA. But as you were talking, I just, I wasn't sure which one I wanted to remember.
Kind of thing. And I might challenge you just like, what's that one thing? Cause you have a lot of good things, by the way.
I, and I, so you might just want to consider that. That's a, a small, a small thought on my part.
Yeah, thank you. Thank you.
Yeah, and I don't have a ton more to add that wasn't already said. I think you did a great job in terms of pacing it.
I like the energy you put into it. For me, what stuck out was the traction.
So, you know, it seemed like based on the pitch, that's probably what wanted to be highlighted, but if that wasn't the case, then I would definitely.
Reconsider how you doing it. But I think that was overall.
Awesome.
I will say like I do still have the James fear, right? So like you're saying these huge numbers, but like what does that actually mean for your business?
But that might be a bit like you know your story better than I do so like you know the strengths lean into but if you guys have like Notable revenue.
I wouldn't I wouldn't shy away from that. You shouldn't leave it to people to do that mental.
And then.
So like We have like a competitor and they monetize on where should work. Grocery fulfillment and they'll be like we've we have that feature in our app too so we happen to know the economics there and they're like we drove like $50,000 in cart volume this month and it's like you guys made $500 like I don't know what you're you know so
it's just kind of it's venture you're trying to speak to as well, but if you're trying to like go for the investment side of things, it's business model.
Like, that they care about either depending on who the investor is the future potential of that business model or the current traction and how much you've der it.
Yeah, so do you think it'd be better to like actually talk about the revenue we made? Because shipping is like a smaller margin business.
We made around like $14,000 last year off of that 300,000.
You know, like. It's up to you. Like I wanna make sure that respectful of also like, Lilian, you're framing here.
It's up to you how you wanna like position it and how you want to tell. The story and the most compelling way possible I would just like I used to like try to like, you know.
Throw the curveball and like you think that like you know like they might not Your mind not might not necessarily be here but like they know that there's some revenue, like they're built to think in terms of revenue equations.
Yeah.
Again, this if you're trying to position for investment. Okay. Yeah, it depends.
It's just gonna depend also on like where they wanna bet. So sometimes it's just on the future of that and it's like.
Dan, 300,000 and there's that much more potential here like Elliot, versus some people will want to see that you do.
So.
Thank you.
Awesome. Thank you guys. We're gonna jump to that prime next so you all can make your client meeting.
Vincent, if you're good to go.
Perfect. I really appreciate it guys. So we're actually doing the video first, st which explains a little bit more of the problem.
So I'm gonna go under the pitch right now, which is a little bit more of our solution than the QA, I would come afterwards.
So solution. Imagine being one of the 17 million Americans who despite having a steady income are forced into paid loans because traditional credit systems can't see their true credit worthiness.
Every incorrect loan decision reduces lender revenue and actively harms consumer borrowers. Predatory loans are all that is left for them because banks human-based underwriting is incredibly expensive and according to Federal Reserve Research, humans aren't even good at assessing complex risk.
But Dub Prime for Lenders platform combines industry expertise across exploitable AI, loan decisioning, and debt capital into a vertically integrated solution to help lenders more money more safely to more consumers.
The magic's in the models. After being featured by Visa for our groundbreaking work in AI, we have secured letters of intent with the 2 largest credit builder cards in the United States to expand on the momentum they've brought to borrowers and lower credit bans.
Today we're happy to announce that we have an LOI. Officially for 100 million dollars as a debt deal with self.
A tech stars, 2,015 credit builder fintech to expand into unsecured credit cards using our AI to.
With 1.2 trillion dollars and then just margin every year lending is the lifeblood of the global economy and we expect to double it.
Join us in revolutionizing the lending industry unlocking financial opportunities for millions and driving substantial returns.
Thank you.
Awesome. I started timing you a little bit late, but I landed on 58.
Yeah, I think it might be a little, is it okay to do like 5 seconds more and just pull it from the Q&A time?
Okay.
Yeah, that's fine. But before anyone else jumps in, I just wanna say like. You've got to slow down.
You were kind of like slurring the words where it was like kind of hard to comprehend just because of the speed at which you were going.
So I want you to focus on and careful enunciation, not letting one word bleed into the next of stuff, especially when you say the word AI like both times that you said it just blurred into the word before.
Okay.
So just taking a breath and like really allowing yourself to practice this much more slowly because everything you're saying is very post So even if you need to take out a couple of words to give yourself more time.
What you just did, what you just said, people are only gonna get like, 20% of that, but they could get much closer to like 90 if you just slow down.
Okay, we're gonna be back.
Yeah, and I'll start off because I think, you know, I had some similar feedback in the sense of It was a lot of information.
Pretty quickly and you do have a little bit of a complex product and market. And so I would really try and focus on just like we talked about before, what is the one or 2 things you want people to really remember about your business, how it operates or the market.
I don't know if there's a way that you can or maybe I missed it, but did you frame?
Any anything around what the current rejection rate is for those loans or what the financial impact is of that predatory lending?
Okay.
We frame that in the problem that actually comes before our pitch. So we basically frame like one in 5 Americans has an error on their credit report and that we basically charges the economy essentially billions of dollars every year in misspriced
Correct. Yeah.
Okay, and you guys just to be clear on your product, are you like an AI underwriting model for those or are you fix those credit report errors?
Yeah, so no, we're not fixing the credit report errors. We are an AI underwriting solution.
We've pivoted how we brand it to be more debt and decisioning because we recently found out that Just making the underwriting decision is actually not as good of a hook as providing debt capital as a service.
So we also broker, 100 million dollar debt deals between Bank of California and self-creditable.
The card in that case.
Okay, I don't wanna take up too much time, but I will say, you know, if the error on their credit report is something that you highlight in the beginning, but you only do the AI underwriting, it would be hard to imagine an underwriting model that still doesn't take into account, credit report.
So I don't know how tightly those 2 things tie, only you can really answer that question, but if they do tie and there's some secret that I'm missing, highlighting that might be useful.
Okay.
And Yeah, I really think the only other thing that stuck out to me that just gave me a sense of skepticism where it may not be needed is the you aim to double the amount of you know, letting transactions that are done or the volume of lending transactions.
That feels a bit ambitious. So I don't know, you know, that might be something where I don't know if that helps you.
But it might be something that if you're looking to cut time could potentially be cut.
Yeah, it's not a bad place to cut.
Yeah, and Andrew, if that's like highly defensible, would you say that that's a it's great to work through that in the QA?
Yeah, I mean. That could definitely be a place for the QA.
Yeah, cause like Citibank has research showing that like racism and basically lending costs the economy, 17 trillion dollars.
Is it? Yeah.
So just reducing the amount of fees with the amount of optimization that we can bring is easily doubling the one trip, 1.1 trillion dollars in fees.
Okay. Okay.
Okay, that might require a little more context, but I see where you're going with it. Makes sense.
Yeah, my 2 cents on, I think, you know, Lilian touched on it. I felt it was a little difficult to follow just cause you were trying to cram so much into the 60 seconds.
I think we also suffer from the fact that we don't have the 1st minute of context for the product video.
So there's probably some information there that kind of helps set the scene that we're missing. So I get that.
What I would say though in general is I think used a lot of big words like I would just try to simplify the words.
If you can, that will help you on the pacing so you don't have to get as much out.
And I think it also just helps simplify the concept so that folks can follow along, right? So if there's ways to just kind of honestly dumb down the language a little bit to make it easier to digest and process for folks that are hearing this for the 1st time for with only a minute.
I would see if you could do that because I think you started this being like, hey, the point of, you know, the, 60 seconds is to explain our product in more detail.
I couldn't have told you what your product did at the end of that 60 seconds until you had the conversation with.
So, like maybe I'm, you know, but there will be others like me in the audience.
And so I think that's where just like simplifying it a little bit. Kind of caught my attention with like all the information when you had, oh, 100 million dollar, you know, debt deal, you know, with the LOI.
But I think kind of similar to the feedback that Jake, had with, Valerie's pitch of that left me wondering then like, okay, well, and how much like of that are you actually making?
Like, cause if you're making a hundred 1 million dollars, what that's. You know, phenomenal, but my sense is you're not, right?
Yes.
And then so it's like, well, how much of that? Kind of just left that question in my mind.
And so I think you're okay if you go right into like maybe explaining your business model in more detail in the QA so you're kinda gonna quickly address that question that's lingering in the audience's mind but that was a question I was left kind of wondering.
Makes sense. The answer is 1%. Burger feet, but yeah.
Hey, Vince, Tommy, all great feedback. I just wanted to tell you that I thought your opening was excellent.
It got me right away and there's people in the audience and people are hurting. With inflation with commodity prices with low you know and people that you're targeting to try to get them to get better credit scores, probably more than other people want to admit.
And I think anyone attacking that problem, you're gonna get attention of people in that audience and I just want to say I like your opening, right?
Every, and all the people's comments were valid here, like James, like you had a lot of buzzwords in the middle that James was alluding to, but at that point you had me at hello.
So talk really clear during that and I thought I thought that was a really good opening.
Awesome. Thank you. I really appreciate that.
Yeah, I'm sorry. I've absolutely no internet right now. So this is just to de- that.
But Just to like, mini get extremely, extremely clear like double, triple down on what Lilian said.
You will think yourself if you speak that, quickly. I have no idea what you said in your opening.
So it sounds like it was excellent. Tom was able to keep up with it. Like I was I was lost until you said the word borrowers at some point in there.
You started talking about Brian. It's like, okay, it was like, Like Max for stop and asking me out for coffee and then like.
Driving me there in his car and starting the conversation in his car. It's, I couldn't, yeah, I couldn't really keep up.
I think that is gonna like probably be a common 3 line and again it these get a little bit difficult because we're not watching the videos so I don't know really what you're saying there but like What is critical in these pitches, particularly if you're angling to get investment, is understanding like you are a subject matter expert in your business, whereas VCs in particular are subject matter experts in business
models in in revenue for. They're going to look at this in terms of opportunity and you're not going to be able to hand wave your way out of it.
So like to Andrews point like. Unless these numbers, huge numbers that you're saying are relevant in unless you're able to show, then it would enter their genes.
Me, but like that you're able to capture the market share that you're saying you're able to go after and capture and a cogent way, you're gonna lose a like They this is what they do all day long.
It'd be like someone trying to DSU at your business. And so I would just be very.
Purposeful about the moments that you're gonna raise eyebrows and making sure that within a sufficient amount of time, you're derisking those eyebrow rate moments.
Not just like kind of leaving it hang out there because again, yeah, you're not, you know, you're not gonna get it by them by saying like the word 1 million or like, anything there.
In the educational burden is less on you to is more on like how this business works and where the opportunity lies.
Unless on like this is how the money works. And so like if you're missing a critical part of a revenue formula, like they're gonna pick up on that.
The other thing, cause we'd also had small word tweaks, this is like very small and other people please push back on me.
I don't think you need to say the word tech stars. The text is an accelerator.
Right. So like the minute you say even the tech stars, 2,015 and you're talking about a mature company, when you're referring to them as in their tech stars days in my mind, I'm thinking that you are partnering with somebody that is far earlier stage than they, almost definitely are.
Yeah.
This also like All of it with a grain of salt if you're trying to pitch to investors who know your space extremely well and not generalist like some of this advice will matter less versus like if you're trying to pitch to a generalist, which is.
You know. I'm going to be the stupidest person you ever pitch and so like it's gonna go over my head.
Right.
Yeah, that makes sense.
One other thing that just occurred to me, I don't know if, if it's something that it probably would be in the pitch, but maybe in the QA.
I know, you know, my background isn't learning as well, but more on the mortgage side of things, but I know there's a decent amount of, you know, historic cases around, you know, discriminatory lending and the financial impact of those cases is massive.
I'm not sure to what degree, you know, your product really helps. Improve odds for the consumer versus also de-risking the transaction for a lender, but there might be ways to either open up TAM or create a pretty compelling story around that side of it as well.
Which, you know, around risk mitigation and producing human air for the leather.
Yeah, it actually is both sides. We simultaneously increase the TAM and the number of people that lenders can safely underwrite will also bring in more inclusion and explain ability to regulators.
So it's kind of a trifecta. It's a win-win-win.
That's great. Yeah, cause I mean, obviously the financial consequences just the tip the iceberg for those lenders, right?
That.
The reputational consequence, a really tough thing to come back from. So. Very cool.
Thank you.
Thank you all. Snow, you ready to go?
Awesome.
Yeah, thank you. Great. So, we are gonna pitch 1st and then explain more about the used cases and the customer benefit during the video after the pitch and then finally the Q&A for resolving some concerns and explaining about the market size.
So let me start with the pitch. Company leaders are afraid of falling behind because of crazy fast evolving generative AI.
That you want to stay competitive by utilizing DNA in their workflow, but it's challenging is especially when they lack engineering resources.
S they hire AI engineers and AI consultants and spend weeks and months implementing and operating the integrations.
Port those industry leaders. Wrong bear is a no code solution that enables them to integrate their custom gene AI into daily work tools like Slack, Microsoft Teams, Zendesk and more.
In less than 10 min instead of weeks, they can improve their work using gen AI without coding or engineering support.
Thanks to tech stars, we've increased our customer base from 15 to 57, including big names like BCG.
It's 3 folding 2 months. Our customers have increased their efficiency by 152% and handling thousands of messages daily.
Let's see how rumbair changes their lives.
100, and 3.
Thank you very much.
This is a great pitch. It's It's extremely clear what you do, how you.
Insert yourself into this. I would say. The 2 points that I would have are at the end.
I think that it could behave you to have that 150% it's just like always strange when someone says like efficiency by 150 what is that metric and what does it actually mean and you could go right into a QA.
I'm answering a question about like just how impactful you are and then building into where people would also question you.
I also tend to 15 to 57 customers like did you decrease your price like what does that actually mean as it relates to revenue like hitting again on this.
Business model kind of element of it but cause I don't know how you monetize unless that's in the video as well.
If it is, you, you can worry less about that. But those are really the only 2 points and you can use.
Point to point to point to point, like extremely clear.
Alright, thank you. So actually, yeah, it's basically b 2 b SAS.
So, monthly subscription. But the number of revenue per customer is not that big high. I mean, $100 per month.
And there $100 per month per month for to customer and then yeah that that totally makes sense. Let me think about how we can deliver the more credible numbers.
Top of you jump in. Yeah, I think it's, Jake mentioned, very clear on what you guys do. I think you did a great job explaining it.
Yeah, I mean, I think you can always get more into the business model. I think the point of like you guys are growing that got across to me, which is great.
And I want to learn more. I think the pieces where I felt you could improve is on the opening and the close.
The opening was a pretty generic statement of like business leaders are struggling with gen AI like that I probably apply to every single business on this call, right?
Like, and so that didn't really catch my attention. So I don't know if there's a way for you to kinda just like snap in because depending on where you go, right, like your role in pitch after pitch after pitch.
You want to like step people back to focus on what you're saying like in the talk and then just for me.
I, I didn't love the, the end of like, let's see like what Rumber can do.
Like, like be more confident of like what you will do, right? And like project that confidence like in the closing rather than kind of like leave me at wishy washy open ended I think just like you know you guys are you have this impressive traction you guys are making this change like you know just be I think I would have like to see a little bit more like you know kind of at the end of that statement just as you roll into
the next section.
Good point. Good point. Yeah, definitely. I will think about how I can impact more at the end and also thinking about the hook from the beginning.
Yeah. Yeah, they're just little tweaks, but overall really great.
That's great.
Yeah. I think you have some good names in your client. List now, right? And so what a potential opener there because I agree the opener was a little generic and then I will say starting off with the positive.
I was pretty poked by the end and I just kept wondering how do they do it? How do they do it?
And I think the payoff there will be in the video, right? And then maybe more on the QA.
So I think that's great because really the objective of The pitch is to really build that level of interest in the audience.
There's a lot of companies in the cohort and you know standing out capturing attention I think is important.
You know, where you could potentially go is I don't know if you have a good story, even about what some of those bigger customers really cared about in the sales evaluation process, what they've been able to do with the product, right?
But to the extent. You can tell a little more of a story at the beginning of the pitch that might help, especially leading with one of those big names and then saying, and 56 other places have felt similar, right?
There I think you have some good traction, some good logos and some good numbers and maybe using that at the beginning to get some attention could be good.
That that also makes sense. Yeah that they can be great, story for starting. Thank you.
Awesome. Alright, next up we've got Tuck's. David, you good to go?
Yes, and so we're following the format of pitch. Video and Q&A.
And I can get set it. The companies issue 270 billion dollars per year in stock based compensation.
To attract and attain talent, aligning the values of employees, executives and shareholders. When the stock goes down, it causes employees to churn, which forces companies to spend billions in stock refreshers and increase shareholder dilution.
I was one of these employees that received half of my compensation in stock and I said mama I made it.
But by the time I could sell it dropped 40%. It's ruined my plan to buy my 1st home.
We learned Mark Cuban had the same issue back in 1999, but turned to Goldman Sachs to create financial insurance for him, which saved him billions after the dotcom bubble exploded.
Stock volatility impacts 5.2 million employees, but unlike Mark, most of them don't have the tools or knowledge to protect themselves.
I'm David, I can, I mean, the CEO of Tux, we're democratizing sophisticated financial insurance for the everyday employee.
Reduce employee churn by protecting their downside. Here's Tax.
58 seconds.
I may come back with more but I just gotta say I loved what stood out to me there was I love the personal connection to the problem.
I think a lot of people can appreciate a founder with a personal connection to the problem they're trying to solve.
I think it really really also helped. Paint the picture of you know what this problem is and how relatable it can be to so many people.
So just start things off. I wanted to congratulate you on that. I think that was a great part to have.
At the way that you said it was great.
Thank you.
Yeah, totally agree with Andrew. I think like really got my attention at 1st with the 2 70 the big number and then the personal story I think really pulled me in and you know felt relatable.
You lost me a little bit on like why we're talking about Mark Cuban like I felt like your personal story was like pretty strong.
You know, in terms of like pulling me into it and just helping kind of personalize the problem to make it more relatable.
And then the only other bit of feedback was, and I know you guys still have like a week to go is, just work on, your, inflection in the pitching in the moment.
Like I could tell that you were reading it, which is fine. Like, you know, you guys still have time to do it, but I think like you'll be able to make it even more powerful.
As you work on kind of just the delivery of the words that you're saying.
Definitely. It's 1 question to you, James, is so we kind of have those 2 stories of like my personal story to kind of resonate with people specifically in the Bay Area because The assumption we have is that everyone in the crowd would have been through this or know someone has been through it.
Yep.
And the goal the Mark Cuban source to be like, hey, their secret set the wealthy are using that you just don't have access to because you don't know exist.
Hmm.
But we also do realize how it's like. Do you need 2 stories? Like should you maybe just cut one of them out and just say, hey, we're gonna zoom in on the personal store or we're gonna zoom in on.
The the Marquis story. And guess what are your thoughts kinda on that?
Yeah, my initial reaction is like, I like, I like your story. I think your story will be always be stronger.
It also helps solidify you and your founder market fit, right? And so I think, you know, just being able to convey that at the beginning will pull me in.
Want me to learn more position you as an expert to help teach me and like You know, the fact that Mark Cuban does or does not know about this financial instrument like means less to me.
I think it's like you clearly articulated the problem and you related to it personally. I think you know the whole point is to position your company as the solution, not Mark Cuban is the solution, right?
And so I think you can probably in my opinion you could probably cut that out because what you're gonna talk about in the in the video in the QA is like how you're solving that problem right and honestly doesn't matter what Mark Cuban does because it's what your company is doing that I really care about.
Gotcha. Thank you.
Yeah, so. So to do the classic tech stars in like, The exact opposite. As it stands today, like right now, I probably agree, that like it's a little bit unclear why that's in there.
This is, I mean, double up on what they just said. That was excellent. Like the personal connection that we have.
Why you're working on this as well as an understanding of this problem as a big problem is very, very clear.
The Mark Cuban thing. It just might need a little bit. More effective positioning. Because if I understand you correctly, what you're essentially saying is like, Yeah, rich people get to do this like normal like normal people don't have access to this but like if you're extremely well positioned they're all connected you can just go and go and they'll take care of this for you.
And so like That is, I mean, you're essentially signaling like there's validation and all we need to do is capture a ton of the market.
Whereas like with Golden, then they need to capture one big whale. And so that resonate with me.
Q&A, if I mean again, like you know your current position, you know where your strengths are, you know your weaknesses are, but if you're if you do have strength and traction, in the video doesn't hit on it, I would definitely lean into business model.
I'd lean into like. Go to like essentially like early midterm go to market because like I have a business like this.
Massive tam. For most people, for anybody who's serious about ever investing enough, like it's very evident that at scale like this could be a huge opportunity, but the issue is like for us raising our 1st round it's like how do you go from 0 to 1,000 customers.
And you go from 1,000 to 10,000. How do you go from 10,000 a hundred 1,000? And it's like if you can make that, that case then like you guys can capture a huge amount of the market.
And so making that like immediate kind of. Go to market a little bit more clear and like how you're gonna monetize in that whole area I think could then benefit in the QA if you have tight answers around it but that would be the only other thing I These marks opportunity, great personal connection to the problem.
So double up on that.
Thank you, Jacob. I appreciate it.
Awesome. Next up we've got Aware. Antonio, are you? Good to go.
Yeah, yeah, thank you. So in my sequence is 1 min pitch and then the video and then the Q&A.
One out of 3 people in this room is completely overwhelmed by stress. That's according to the API.
And, 85% of them don't even know it. I know that really well because I was one of them.
Years back, I was stress at high-stake jobs. I was irritable. Anxious and overweight.
And I was not even aware of it. Eventually I got myself an Apple Watch to track my physical activity in my calorie burn.
And I lost 40 pounds in 12 months. Yet, it took me 8 years to get in a better state of mind by exploring different mindfulness techniques.
And in the key to that journey was to label my emotions. Name it to tame it. I'm Antonio Ferenza, CEO of Aware.
And where is a variable that continuously monitors your emotions and provides you with actionable in sites to accelerate your journey to become a better version of yourself.
A better parent, a better employer. A better leader. Here, here's how it works.
1, 8.
I'm happy to lead off. I mean, I think that was Strong. I think there's an opportunity at the beginning.
Anything that you guys can do, I mean just in general to break up the you know, one after another after another and give people something like a little laugh even if it's corny can sometimes be helpful.
I feel like there might have been an opportunity there, take it as you will, but. I mean, it's pretty likely that more than one out of 3 of those people in the room, just given what we do for careers and what they do for careers are probably overwhelmed by stress.
So even saying, you know, taking a second, letting it hit and saying, you know what, you know, maybe even more in this room.
Or something like that allow people to take a breath in there I think might be helpful. You know, something else there, obviously you have some time before demo day, but.
For everyone I think it's just gonna be critical. Practicing until you're blue in the face.
Like that was something I've reached a lot with our crew and Cause as much as, you know, we could tell with a couple of you guys that you were reading, it's never too early to start.
And as much as it might feel like overkill, once you get those lights on you and you're on stage and there's people in the crowd.
Everything goes out the window and the best thing you have to lean on is muscle memory. So I would definitely just say practice as much as you can as well.
Yes, so Andrew, thanks for your input. One question I have, I'm struggling between. Whether to memorize the entire script or not because it seems like if I remember I my fear of memorizing it is that and I will forget.
Where I'm on stage and I've seen like some examples in previous, chords where they got stock.
So I try not, I try to remember the bullet points but try to make it fresh every time. But I'm really a weather maybe I should spend the next week really memorizing it and get it nailed it down.
What are your thoughts on that?
Yeah, obviously there's risks either way, but I will say at least from my experience, you know, I've had to do this a lot and I think memorizing, especially it's so short, right?
It's a minute. So memorizing the entire thing. I think is ideal and giving yourself at least the way I work is giving myself mental trigger points, like certain words or certain places where I pause.
And allow myself to gather. And then remember what's next and those pauses typically are well received by the audience because It helps you seem more profound as a speaker and everything like that.
But you know, I don't think it's crazy. Obviously everyone here is super smart and I think you guys are capable of memorizing that.
And the only risk there obviously being, well, what if you forget and you don't want to get thrown off, but that's where repetition is your best friend.
And that's where having some sort of failsafe like those. Thank you that you remember.
In your talk are just really, really critical.
Thank you.
Definitely memorize it.
2 min left for few guys. Sorry, go ahead.
Yeah, it did definitely memorize it. I think, it. Goes, it just goes a long way.
And a minute it's, seems like a lot, but like essentially you want to learn it to the point where you can deal with that level of variability where it's like you miss something it doesn't even really matter you're almost like in your head and out of What you're saying and what you're thinking are almost 2 different things at once is what I find in that mode.
It's like, oh, I just missed that. That's funny. But like everything is still going fine.
I would like love a line in In this it's on stakes, I guess like.
I guess this might have been James point also on or Andrew, sorry if I met this, were you just saying the point to point to point to point?
Feedback that in it gang like a little bit in tone.
No, I think you could touch on that. I wasn't saying that.
Yeah, it was like one in 3 people overwhelmed. 85% don't know it. I was this person I in almost the stakes or the weight of it are fading just because structurally it's felt like sentence to sentence to sentence to sentence.
So like
I do. Yeah, I think, is potential to insert just like. What's on the line when this changes for people?
If there was like a life changing or altering moment for somebody or how you guys get involved.
I think could be helpful. Here. Because one in 3 people being completely overwhelmed and you get 85% of people not knowing it yet
That doesn't sound like there might not be a problem there. Yeah, or like a problem that someone's gonna address, cause they don't know that there's a problem.
So like I just adding weight there is probably important.
So you're saying the problem is not just the lack of self-awareness, which is what we, bring, with our wearable.
But, you're seeing it find find a bigger problem. Find something that is much, much higher state than that.
Try like, if you're not aware of your stress, I mean, we hear from the GTP interviews that people are say I have a kid and I'm not present for him the whole ring changed my life I have my wife my relationship with my wife was going downhill
Right. So something happened, right? To make them. Yeah, or ring and I think it's about speaking to that moment because it's the passive moments before it the year sitting at the desk like stressed out when nothing was changing.
And nothing was going on. But like, be it like when you decided to get the Apple Watch or when someone decided to purchase nor ring.
There's just so much around the negative impacts of stress, like what causes people to actually change their behavior around this and like that's That's the crux of the issue that you guys are trying to solve, right?
And I think that even playing on your own personal experience can be resonant there because you can knock out those 2 birds with one stone.
Okay.
Real quick, cause I know we need to move on to the next that team. Yeah, Tony, this I relate to this, like we focus on sleep.
Most people struggle to sleep. So I think you kind of lose folks when you just state something that generally people cut it most people are stressed like I mean a lot of people are stressed right like I don't think that that hits as much right I think whether it's your personal story or it sounds like maybe you have some amazing testimonies from your JTVD interviews like starting with a personal story of, okay, everyone
relates to stress, but what is the impact that that stress has on people's lives and it creates this trigger moment for someone to take action?
Because that actually is going to be to purchase your product and and change their life, right? And so relate to how you're teeing up that moment of change.
So that you can come in with the solution later on, right? I think you'll just find them a much more powerful hook, like by personalizing it either with your own story or with one of your customer stories.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks, Antonio. I wanna call out really quick what Andrew put in the chat. So every cohort, we usually in demo day week when everyone's altogether, we do have you guys not in a scheduled way, just self organized pitch to each other, throw wads of paper at each other, whatever you can do to distract to help practice.
I already told you guys about the people pitching on the subway in Chicago, which is also something that we did, but this is the people pitching on the subway in Chicago, which is also something that we did.
But this is something that you guys can self-organize next week when we're in person if you want to And we did it in the Bay last time too.
So being able to pitch while like pens are flying past your face and stuff. Well help with your distraction when there's not when that's not happening, but you're in front of hundreds of people.
So thanks for calling that out. Okay.
Course I was up next. Here's ready.
Hey, guys. Thanks for all the feedback so far from everyone. It's been amazing. So what our goal is, for the video, what we're gonna do is I like the user experience showcase what the app does and introduce the concept of engaging with your money in a new way.
The, 1 min pitch will be focused on, diving deeper into what that means.
And also our goal is really to gain users, new users for our beta release. So this is not here towards investors.
Okay, so Oh, wise man once said, ask me for money and you'll get advice. Ask me for advice and you'll get money.
But the real question is, who should you be asking these questions to in the 1st place? It's like having a 2 way puppy camera when you're away from home.
We believe people should always know when, where, and how their money is being spent and cared for.
It's about ensuring your money is being nurtured to grow under the healthiest conditions possible. We believe that everyone should be empowered to ask questions directly to their money.
The way we do this is through an application called Corso. Corsal enables people to have conversations with their finances.
So that they can build a better relationship with their money in a safe, secure, and private manner with absolutely no judgment from a human.
What kinds of questions will you ask your money?
So.
And of one, but feel strongly on this. Cut everything up to we believe. And then insert at the end of the pitch a couple of questions.
That you could ask your money. Will it be X? Will be a Y. I don't think you need all the cliches upfront and like we believe is a really strong entry point for what you're, what you're doing.
Other than that, the really great fish. Like the middle part is like tightest out. So like I really like that.
Yeah, I'll just say second what Jake had to say like, I think that 1st kind of anecdote.
Kinda like didn't add a ton of value for me and I think I got interested once you started talking about what you do.
Okay, perfect. We'll cut that out for sure.
And of 3 on that one. I think yeah, it was it became clear once you got to the middle.
I love the example questions and Just gotta call out the confidence too. It came across that you were very confident your facing was great.
Definitely make sure you keep that.
So dive deeper into like the types of questions, right? That could be asked, right? Just lay out that scenario upfront.
Just plant those, right? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, try and. Well, go ahead, Jake.
I I was gonna say you could actually just tell I was seeing it as being tossed on at the end.
What type of questions will you ask? You're and you have to try this on. Like if it doesn't work, scratch it.
I'm like. Totally, but like, if you keep the meet that middle section entirely the same and then give me a couple of examples entirely the same and then give me a couple of examples as you wrap up.
It might be role 3 is like what type of questions will you ask your money? Will it be this will be that will it be that and quite honestly if you did like the job stuff if you're into that kind of thing like if you have 3 quarters and you're trying to close customers right now ask like the and you know you're struggling moment, it each struggling moment in each question, particularly if they're different.
Okay.
And it's like something in the audience might be like. 1st question means nothing. And then you see the second question.
It's like, cool. And they're like, all right, and I got to go back to the show.
Yeah, that's Good point. That's a great suggestion actually. Thank you.
Awesome. Pardo, are you ready?
Hey, just turning on my camera here. Perfect. And. Okay, awesome.
Thanks everyone. Appreciate all the feedback. So our goal is to get the those venture capital discussions going.
Our structure is going be our pitch 1st followed by our. Demo video and then the Q&A section, which is where I'm going to kind of discuss more on like what the company's traction looks like.
So I'm actually still working on improving the clothes. So that's where I could definitely use some of the best, feedback from everyone, but I will go ahead and get started.
So. One trillion dollars a day. That's the total dollar value of securities traded daily.
One trillion dollars a day. This creates billions of data points. Or even the smartest traders don't know what to do with all that data.
At Tranium Labs, we've developed Tranium AI. Where we take those billions of data points and help you make sense of it.
A. I trained to perform the work of over a hundred technical indicators, which are the same algorithms used by the world's top hedge funds in high frequency trading, made effortless, for you.
And if you have a question, just ask. And we'll let you know for genuine investment opportunities presenting itself.
Or even coach you on your execution. We piece together the most disparate pieces of information others don't even know to look for.
Taking the complexity out of trading and investing. To help you seize opportunities effortlessly. And.
58 seconds.
Is that good, huh?
I thought that one in the last 2 that I missed were great, lilliana. So. I'm so sorry.
If you have no
I just, no, I just got a lot of love for him. That's it.
Alright.
Neil's feedback definitely helped yesterday because he told me I needed to improve on the clothes to propagate a bit more of a bolder vision.
And I'm not sure if I'm there yet, but I think this is a good step forward and I'll have other variants that I can.
Kind of like, practice.
You're still in the refine stage for this?
I'm sorry.
You're still in the refining stage for this or you like changing like The pitches.
Only. Yeah, I'm improving on the close because this is my 1st iteration on making changes to the clothes.
Okay.
So, I'm still self conscious about it, but, hopefully I can kind of.
Can you remember, can you repeat that part then back? Like the.
Like the ending part. Yeah.
Yes. Will piece together the most disparate pieces of information. Others don't even know to look for.
Taking the complexity out of trading and investing to help you seize opportunities. Effortlessly.
So I think that. One is I don't know where it's come from or where it's going, but like that's sounds good to me.
I will say that this is positioned. To sell the customers. And so the Q&A is where you're gonna really have to like it might also just be that you're going pitch into video into Q&A and the QA has to be where like this becomes extremely evident that this is not about closing customers.
This is about the massive potential for the business or what the business and or what the business is achieved to date.
And I would really try to like position. Yourself around that because this is very Not non-negative, like, is good, but like it is, it's far more customer centric than it is.
Investors.
Gotcha. And you were kind of on the same way feeling there. My whole intention was to more sprinkled breadcrumbs at each stage up until we get to the Q&A where I can really.
Perfect.
Deep in those extremely difficult questions and get everyone up to speed and what we're working, how we're solving it.
Perfect. And again, like for those questions, do them the way that they. Like investors don't care about the same things that customers care about, right?
So you're just gonna wanna make sure that you lean towards the or index on the difficult questions that investors would want to know about, not as much.
I used to like just sit in these meetings and nerd out about my product and like.
Yeah, like, and it becomes like, you gotta, you gotta make sure that you're speaking to the right audience which this puts you in a good position to the right audience which this puts you in a good position to do but I could see if you did.
6 more minutes of this would not accomplish what your goal is.
Got it. Got it. Very much appreciated.
Yeah, in, part of if I understand correctly, like essentially what you're doing is like democratizing hedge funds, right?
You're bringing similar technology that they have access to and bring it to the end. Consumer, like is your user like a retail investor?
Is that the end kind of user or is it institutional investors?
That's exactly it. You got it spot on.
Okay, okay. That's helpful. Yes, I think, you know, as, Jake mentioned, I think it caught my attention as a retail investor, but I think if I, if you're looking for investment, from, from VCs and it would be just helping them understand the business model.
And, and, you know, I think you can start to address it in this pitch, right? I wouldn't save it all for the product demo and the and the QA.
Cause I think you'll wanna just kinda tee it up. The other piece that I think about that too is kind of coming back to the opening you got you know a trillion dollars.
You know, billions of points of data, but like what like trillion dollars is like everyone, right?
And a lot of that is gonna be institutional investors. So like that's not really your true tam, right?
Like you're not going after the institutional money you're going after the retail investors and so I don't know, I mean, obviously there's a big opportunity here.
I'm just wondering if there's a better way to kind of frame that and maybe you handle it in the QA, but that was I kind of was left wondering that as you're going through because I was like oh okay so you're selling to retail investors but then that doesn't really line up with what you told me at the beginning.
Got it. I am actually noting that down and will work on adding clarity to that person section.
Thank you.
Thank you, James. Pardo, in the chat, Jake. Mentioned a company, are you aware of surmount AI?
There are a textures anywhere company. They're kind of similar. I found their demo day pitch for you.
Remember, I'm not sure if they do our format. They do our format now, but I'm not sure.
Too, but to take that with a grain of salt, definitely check it out. Thanks, Jake.
Okay. Awesome. Really appreciate it.
It's not in this format if I remember right. But. You can just, that's almost better because it forces you to do something original with it.
Got it.
Yeah, that's cool. Okay, mind helper. Kelvin? Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, so, thank you everyone for the feedback so far. Our, structure is going to be the pitch first, st then the demo video explaining.
What we are doing and how am I to help it works and then the Q&A and our goal is to get customers and potential investors.
Okay, so I will start with the pitch. Growing up in Nigeria, we are 94% of the population paid out of pocket for healthcare.
I've always wondered. How do we make health care more affordable? Walking as a doctor treating the mentally ill, I witness firsthand.
The acute shortage of therapists compared to the overwhelming demand. 58 million Americans, about 1 5th of the US population, suffer from mentally illness and more than half of them cannot afford therapy.
And Kelvin Alan M's CEO of Mind Helper, a company improving access to mental health care by providing online .
As a service. Our group sessions are run by License therapist. True mind helper. A therapist walking take the hours in a week instead of seeing just 30 persons can see 300 persons.
Group models have shown to be very effective as we've seen with alcoholic anonymous. And our mission is to take it online where most people are these days and make it affordable so that those people are these days and make it affordable so that those suffering get the help they desperately need.
Thank you. So that's the pitch and then I'll go on to show how Mindelper works.
Individual.
One
You said 1 1. Okay, thank you.
Oh yeah, this is great. If there are. Other, other great companies that penetrated in Nigeria.
Within health care in particular that have shown successful like inability to be successful it doesn't have to be in your space, but I think those could be great in the QA.
Okay.
This is a great pitch. Like just the problem incredibly clear the effectiveness of the solution incredibly clear and there's not really anybody doing this right now even though there would be a willingness.
Do you do it? I think if you could also just hit on like how you guys go.
Are you actually start to capture market share? That probably is important to that one again, 1,000. How do you get 1,000 people doing this?
10,000 a hundred 1,000. I would say. I know that.
If you guys are gonna staff people, I've just seen. Investors wary. Of that type of approach to a good market.
So I don't know. Tommy, I, I don't know if you guys.
Is that clear to you?
It was tough to understand because of the fact that and I think it's good that you started out with the story about Nigeria, but that definitely caused some wires to get cross when I'm trying to understand your target market, how, how you were launching.
Yeah, hey, Kelvin, I like the pitch, Ben and I, and I love the market that you're in.
I would sort of. To say it a different way. And so those are all those were both excellent points.
By checking Andrew is. Yeah, like, I want you to sort of, find the right words here.
You know, 0 in on, on, like, so there's a lot of people.
Different. Yeah.
What a different way. There's a lot of people trying to solve this right now, right? And I want to make sure I understand how you're a little bit different, differentiated, a little more passionate, etc.
So the the sort of maybe a reworking of the story like, Hey, when I was a little kid, man, we don't have any of this kind of stuff. You know what I mean?
And it really hurts, right? I watched people get hurt, you know, kind of thing or whatever.
And, and then kind of keep going because I think I think there's a lot of people solving this and I would want to kind of know where you're coming from.
A little bit that just. As a different type of thought. That's all.
Okay. Okay, thank you just to provide some clarity. I think, in the Q&A, the 1st question is why group therapy.
And that is what makes us very different. We are the only one just 0 in our group.
Yeah, dude, totally. Like I'm really old. I'm not gonna debate with you right now, but I just like that.
It's just my one challenge. I'm sure it's a great Q&A and I got a lot of love for you, Calvin.
Okay, so we'll make
I really do.
Okay.
I'm totally with Tom, though. Like that now that it's in the US, it's like.
I would also just caution in general speaking an absolute it will it turns it makes people very skeptical right so we're the only ones doing group therapy that means one of 2 things one is that there are other people doing group therapy and you haven't necessarily done a competitive analysis to unearth them yet.
3 things I guess it hasn't really worked. So people have tried to do it and not. Not really seen success and you might not be aware of why it's just like it gets it raises more questions than answers so just having like that clear kind of listening there.
What's the collision of ideas that makes this differentiated is pretty important in a fairly proud of health care space.
Thank you very much.
I think.
Awesome. Up next we have blank labs. Danny, are you ready?
Yeah, just do it.
Okay, so we are doing ours pitch then video then QA. Objective of this is honestly just to kind of get some Hi, I think from the audience and then potentially some angels, but not actively raising right now.
Yeah.
Okay. My co-founder, Saw Hill and I grew up as bandits and it always fascinated us how our conductor made sure all our different instruments played together perfectly on stage.
So when we started working, it confused us why we had so many work instruments, apps and platforms, but no conductor to run them smoothly.
It's unsurprising to find out that knowledge workers are drowning in busy work and lose one entire day a week to ad hoc requests and admin task.
Thankfully, this is exactly what conductor is made to solve. Until today, knowledge workers have used AI for a device for improving writing, but we're leveraging AI to actively solve problems.
By ingesting all your different comms and apps, you're creating personal AI that can act like a virtual clone.
Or go to market borrows from tried and true playbooks like slack and base camp. We're gonna make our end users fall in love with us 1st and then turn them into evangelists as we develop conductor for teams.
The future of work will be standard within the next 5 years. Our version is to facilitate a world where most problems can be solved with one click.
Instead of combing through on average 9 different apps in AI agent platforms, just communicate with your conductor and let us do the busy work for you.
Cool.
That was 1 0 6.
Okay.
I thought that was good. I like the story at the beginning, you know, tying it back to your history and band and everything. Thought that was pretty cool.
Good way to rope people in. The future of work being standard in 5 years. It's 1 of those general comments that probably is non additive to what you're saying.
It could probably be stricken. One thing, I mean, one thing from a body language perspective.
I notice, you know, some people really get kind of fidgety on stage. I could tell you were swaying back and forth and just wanna make sure when you get on stage and everything, you know, try and You know, stand still be.
Be calm in your demeanor, right? Don't be moving around too much. And then just from a pitch perspective.
It was tough for me to truly understand. And maybe again, end of one, but to truly understand what Conductor did.
Or at least how it did it in a way that was really able to kind of close the loop for me.
Maybe that's what the videos for, but you know. Just kind of take that as you will.
For sure.
Yes.
Hey, Andrew, quick question. I'm Daniel's co-founder. The reason that we're including that future of work line was to add to the urgency and like the realness of what we're doing.
So yeah, just thoughts on. If like, yeah, if that. Urgency kind of why now piece is needed.
I mean, urgency never hurts, but I don't know that a comment about it being standard in 5 years is extracting that urgency from.
The audience. You know, if there's a way to address, I think you probably have ample time to address a why now in the QA.
I don't know that. The pitch is the right place to do it and I just certainly don't think that that line.
Accomplishes that objective.
Cool. Thank you.
Yep.
Yeah, and you're just like you're not you're not alone in the kind of open and confusion I guess of how the product actually works but I am banking on you guys having a really kick-ass video to demo that or explain that.
I think just
Okay. I would say like aim small miss small when it comes to demo day. And with your QA.
Rather than like just like wow or excite people it's like choose like between one and 3 people. That you would want to excite.
And like what their backgrounds are. And then lean really heavily into that. And so on the If it is to just create like customer buzz or angel buzz like.
Really like Circling or making that. Presentation on like the practical applications of why this will be better.
For them. If it is, you're actually in your head angling a little bit more towards investment or like getting moving in that direction, then like the business model and traction in that case.
For why to use your product. But pitches it stands I like as long as the video tanger's currently doesn't illustrate what you guys really are.
I like You took me on a roller coaster with your conductor example. So like at 1st I was like, why do we have this story? It's cute.
You just did work play and then the name of the product. Was so perfect that it's just like It brought me all the way back.
I was like, hell yeah, this should always be this way. So. Yeah, I would say that.
Great.
No, totally hear you. Definitely planning to have a kick-ass video, meant to literally share like with, without it, with it, like showing how it works, like literally, and, funny enough, you're like the 3rd person that said, I really thought I wasn't gonna like this when you started and then I really think you should keep it like so that is a common thing.
Yeah, and that's like then you like it's just all about building that capital pretty quickly early on so
Hey, Dean, time here. You know, I might dub tell a little bit and I think I'm what Andrew said and I don't want to put words in your mouth, but like I just to let you know again, I'll be the The orchestra analogy is has been used a lot in in many different areas.
And I personally tune it out, like no offense. You're really sharp, like talented dude.
Like I know you from selection committee and from like mentor manus day and I felt like it you didn't come out in that pitch the way I wanted you to.
And I don't know why that is. And maybe because I tune you off from the orchestra thing, that's sorry, right?
But like I just felt I wanted to be more like, man, Danny, I'm gonna go talk to that guy.
He's a sharp duty solving some stuff. Like I don't really get the everything but like he's solving some stuff and I I'm sorry but I.
I just I didn't get this. I want to challenge you back like I want to know Danny.
Danny's a sharp do, right? And and I really want to know you so I want to I want to be compelled to come talk to you.
Afterwards.
No, I, I totally hear you and I feel that I think right now even I feel a little slow.
Yeah.
I think I'm just like sleep deprived and I will I'm gonna show up to talk to the demo day like with a full 8 h of sleep and like ready to go like in there.
But I
No, you're not. No, you're not. Everybody's going to be totally strung out and you're all going to do great.
So. Let's, let's just get over that right now. You're all gonna be tired.
Plenty of Celsius, plenty of sales.
Hey.
Is it the name of the product conductor? I heard that right, right?
Yeah, although I'll be honest, I've found out yesterday there's this like one big software already called conductor.
We might have to change our name because of the trademark issues. We have no idea, but, We'll find out.
It's a little too late right now, but yeah.
That is the cause I agree with. That is like you guys just actually use the most cliche example of a B like for like unifying B to be software but then the name of the product was conductor.
Yeah.
I'm a sucker for that. So I, yeah, I think that if you aren't confident that you're gonna be able to name the product that I actually end up kind of falling because that is that is what won me back.
No.
No, yeah, it's like it's something silly like that, but if not, you get some time back to do something creative.
Yeah, we're hearing back from the lawyers.
Awesome. Thank you all. Jalo with Trevor is up next.
Thank you, everyone.
Good job, Danny. Okay, I'm camera off because I'm still in the peak of COVID, so forgive me.
I'm usually like way more high energy. So our pitch. Is going to be 1st and we're setting up the problem and really leaning heavily into our JTBD insights.
Thank you Jake for that. And then kind of sharing our solution. And then our video is going to be a demo video of kind of what the Trevirus experience is and then our Q&A is going to be the time that we use to address like why our team, our TAM, our SAM, and how we plan to scale.
So there's a lot of like logistical questions that we just wanna like say for QA.
Okay. Oh, and then the other thing is I fit out the last few days with kovat and so I haven't had a chance to like really distill this down so it's I think at like a minute 30, but I'd love to hear like what sticks out and like What could be cut out?
Like what doesn't resonate. So, okay. I don't want to be that American tourist.
The feeling of standing out in another country. Being stuck in the middle of the crowd. Standing in endless lines.
I get it. I've been working in travel for the last 15 years and I've seen how travel has transformed over the years.
The more and more people are traveling the world. The rise of booking platforms like Expedia and Tripadvisor are all funneling everyone to the same top 10 places.
Not only do travelers say they don't trust these impersonal travel sites, But there's sick of these top 10 lists.
Through our Techstars Insights. Insights we found that what people care about the most is finding hidden gems and getting off the beaten path.
What they really want is to be in control of their travel decisions, to have access to culturally immersive experiences.
And to make the most of their limited time off. All the while, protecting the environment and supporting the local community.
We initially thought that these were 2 distinctly different problems to solve. Finding hidden gems or traveling more sustainably.
But it turns out they're actually the same problem. My name is Jennifer Lowe, CEO and co-founder of Trevor's and we're building a platform for regenerative travel so that off the beaten path travelers can access unique cultural immersive experiences that are good for people and planet.
We launched Travis in our pilot market of Hawaii and have already had our 1st customers. And they are stoked to get their personalized recommendations of hidden gems and access to exclusive culturally immersive experiences only available on Travis.
We're making it easier for travelers around the world to travel better, to travel regeneratively, and we're just getting started.
That's at 1 42.
Yeah, we need to cut a lot out. Okay.
I really liked it. I thought the beginning, if you're looking to cut. My 2 cents.
I loved the juxtaposition of basically the conventional, you know, everyone go into these pack destinations versus the hidden gym.
I did not follow that at the beginning. I think, you know, you saying things like people don't trust Expedia, like that's what I use.
I trust Expedia. Maybe I'm just one person, but I think they're doing pretty well.
And so you know, maybe less of that and that might not be adding as much as you think and maybe more of a juxtaposition upfront.
I don't know if it's necessarily in the form of like a would you rather but painting that picture of And some people do this by saying, you know, imagine you've saved up for your one trip you can do for the year as an average American maybe.
And, and you end up going to a top 10 destination just to sit in lines all day and be overcrowded.
Yeah, I like that.
Would you have rather gone to, you know, a hidden gem where you can relax and unwind and have experiences you've never had before, right?
I think there's something and I don't know exactly what it is, but something to be done with that mental, to position of those 2 options.
Because I think that's where the real power was in your opening statement. It just took about 40 seconds too long to get there.
So that's, kind of my feedback there is if you can make that comparison upfront in a succinct, relatable and compelling way without trying to diminish the value of competitors that I've clearly done well in the market, I think that would.
That would be good.
Yeah, I like that a lot.
Hey, Jan, Tom. I like your pitch. If it takes COVID to slow you down to that pace, I like the pace, by the way.
I did. And, and I, and Like Andrew, I prefer you don't bash the competition like I get it, right?
But maybe, the unliking, Andrew, I do like your opening. I did like your opening.
Like I exactly knew what you were getting at on your 1st sentence and I like that about you and I like, you know, kind of, and I kind of understood and followed the problem that you were solving.
Right? So I think you got a really good pitch and I think you're gonna refine it a little bit and I did like your pace so I'm sorry you had to be sick to have that pace but that was not a bad pace.
Because it wasn't too fast and it wasn't too slow. And, and I think you'll get an opportunity to emphasize what you need to emphasize.
Okay, cool. Yeah, it's a little slow, but. I think I can slow it down.
You got it, Jayla.
Alright, good.
Yeah, no, I agree with Tom that that the pace is pretty tight, I think that I also really appreciate that 1st line.
No one wants to be that American travelers like it is. Very punchy, highly descriptive.
Could do with or without the competition backing. I think the like The huge thing is you show the packed in line and the fact that you're not to know you are a tourist the feeling of being a tourist everyone wants to feel like elite and exciting and special.
In the travel and I think like being able to lean into that. Remotely is pretty important.
I think you have an operate an opportunity to bring a full circle at the end of that pitch and talk about these name drop again that American it's just a very punchy like that American tourist and so closing out or having some symmetry there, I think there's an opportunity.
I would recommend for you guys a highly combative. Q&A. And so They're gonna be a lot of questions and naturally come up in people's minds.
And I think that to have your interviewer ask you those questions in the way that they will appear. So like the most aggressive pushback that you guys have gotten, this is a highly controlled environment to have these people.
So for example, how do you not turn into Expedia? Like, are you guys just not Expedia?
Cause you don't have to turn into Expedia like are you guys just not Expedia because you don't have the traffic right now.
I like that.
Or like whatever you guys have heard. Derisking like take advantage of your QA to also de risk.
That and I think you can do it. I think you can do a retention being another one that comes to my mind like so people book one trip with you or a few people book one trip with you or few experiences with you on one trip, so people book one trip with you or a few experiences with you on one trip once a year, few experiences with you on one trip once a year, few experiences with you on one trip once a year, like do they come back, why would they come back?
Elements like that also come to mind.
Right. That's great.
Okay. Thank you, that.
Awesome. Thank you. Next up we've got Fabian with positive finance.
Hi, everyone. We do the pitch 1st and, maybe 2 plan seats. Then the video on the product and then the Q&A, like more for business model all investors basically.
I don't memorize yet, so I will be, reading.
Here's a wake up call. 40% of J and 1 million are ready to change jobs due to climate concerns.
We've 16 million that already did it. Businesses are not just losing talent, they are also losing clients and shareholders.
We've upcoming climate regulations, they are under pressure and it will only get worse. They must act now.
Hi, I'm Fania, CEO of Positive Finance. I know J, but I, but like my co-founders, I left my corporate job to create something with real impact.
We team locked positive finance for employees. So they can directly invest in social and climate funds. And donate with some prior matching.
Why do we have business, retain talent and meet their sustainability calls? We've already processed 60 K in banking transactions and launched our 1st clients during textiles partnering with organization like Amazon Watch and but let's have a look at our product.
That's 1 0 6.
I would say traction rate of growth and go to market. For what you're talking about, a lot of like what we were talking about earlier on with this business model.
I assume are you, you're pitching for investment?
Yes. And on the QA, I plan to have more like market opportunities, business model and so on.
Yeah, right. I think also traction in rate of growth, are gonna be really important in that Q&A, right?
So I understand like order volume, again, I might just be speaking out of my own bias, but it's like.
You know, there's this line in the office where they're like, Daryl says here on your resume that you were responsible for overseeing 1 billion paper products.
And it's like, what does that mean? A paper probably is like units of paper. Just like talk about your bit like talk about like what that actually means for you guys in positioning with what that business model actually means.
Also, that $60,000. It this is all within the context of your narrative, which I don't know, but if it's coming on quickly.
If it looks really good for you guys, and you have these closed partnerships and you're ready to ramp up, like making these things extremely explicit, the people is going to be important because a lack of specificity.
Is it the worst is assumed in that? Rather than like I want to follow up with him to find out the answer to this it's like oh the 60,000 but he's not saying how much they actually make cause they don't make that much which might be true but if not take advantage of that.
You're like Marshall from how I know your mother with a better accent. Do you get that a lot?
Say again, I'm sorry.
You look like you look like Marshall from how I met your mother.
Oh, okay. 1st thing I, I got that but
Alright, if I'm on the version maybe I'm going crazy. 11 tech stars pitches in a row.
Like it starts off all part.
Okay.
Yeah, it's just delirious.
Right.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'll say. Maybe I didn't understand fully, but. You know, one thing that it almost sounded like at first, st I had this thought of, are they a nonprofit?
Cause it does sound like you're trying to make a social impact. It sounds like You are might be facilitating some donations to climate change causes.
Correct me if I'm wrong there, but something that might help in conjunction with that would just be talking a little bit about how you make money.
Obviously you don't have a ton of time to get into that, but something just to help people understand if you're pitching for investment, right?
There needs to be that question answered. How does this become a hundred 1 million dollar company in 3 to 4 years?
And so If it's a nonprofit, that's 1 thing that's a noble vision, but probably not gonna get investment from that audience maybe.
But, if it is, you know, for profit company outlining how you make money might be useful there.
Thanks.
Hey.
I think I'll just, hey, Fabian. Good pitch, man. I'll, I'll echo both of those.
I don't have a lot to add other than I've never seen the show how I met your mother.
So I know, but I, I, So I'll let go both of those.
You know, yeah, I get what you're trying to get at and I think that it'll be reinforced with the video and the QA and so I think I think all good for you.
Thanks.
Awesome. Next up, we've got, Kevin with Gift Graham.
Well, Kevin, would you be okay if Art goes because he just pulled over to the side of the road to be able to pitch?
Yeah, sure. Yeah, no, not a problem.
Yeah, of course.
He's in the car. I don't know if you saw his message. Okay, I think, so he can not be on the side of the road.
Okay, sounds dangerous.
And then you can go next.
Yeah, I'm not like quite on the side of the road. I just put over the LC home to come.
The outlets over here so but yeah, so I'll get started. I appreciate you.
Okay, good, that's better.
Thanks, Kevin, for letting me, Go before you real quick so. Seems so I'm gonna be pitching 1st and then we'll I'll transition into our demo video.
But we're looking to essentially generate, investor meetings, from demo day.
And potentially intros to potential customers as well. For club rec so I'll get started
So finding a job or hiring the right person is challenging. Job posts on sites like Indeed and LinkedIn average 250 applicants, but only 25% are qualified.
75% applicants never hear back from employers. And companies take about 2 months to hire due to inefficient hiring process.
I'm Art Fields, founder of CEO of Club Rec. And Doordash, my recruiting team struggle to meet their hiring goals because we were overwhelmed with too many unqualified applicants.
Black resources for timely interviews. Hey, we were pulling supervisors off the floor to help with pre screens.
This lengthy time to hire frustrated candidates, burnt out recruiters, and had angry managers. Inspired by this experience, I created Club Rec.
We use AI to instantly score applicants for job matches and real industry expert interviewers to interview our top candidates.
This mix of AI and human intelligence speeds up the hiring process. From application to interview and ensures only the best candidates move forward.
Now I like to show your demo that highlights our platform benefits and features a testimonial from one of our customers.
That was like a minute and 12 seconds.
50. 59.
59. Cool, it's better. I was struggling yesterday with this.
Yeah
Yeah, you were you were talking.
Sorry.
I
So I really like this. I would highly highly highlight this again only for me, but like highly recommend only pitching like angling these 8 min towards one group of people.
Don't try to hit everybody or you'll hit. If you try, you're gonna hit nobody.
And that being said, if we're optimizing for investors. Like How much money are you saving?
These people, why are they going with you, right? Because you're trying to position it as a problem.
And so you're talking about like these abstract concepts like. In time but like in truth like how much money is this wasting or more specifically how much money Does your problem or your product, sorry, end up saving in the time?
It's like a math equation in my head, like the amount of time they're saving, multiplied by the number of people working this problem for that amount of time.
Multiplied by their salaries for that amount of time. And it's like.
It if you can like convincingly or put together that argument at the beginning rather than a bit more abstractly kind of being like Airing stinks we make hiring better because like that is the beginning of a pitch that you potentially heard but like if it's like
These enterprise are gonna pay us a ton because we save them way more than that. Then I'm like well position if it doesn't necessarily fit into your pitch I would say for the QA at least again breaking it down like Like have the person again like similar like push back on you and be like You said 2 months.
Are they really gonna save 2 months of time? And it's like. Actually, they, we can cut down one month of time for 4 employees.
So they're actually saving 4 months. And it's like in that in their salaries is they are this much like this is how much money this problem's worth.
I think like positioning things like that ultimately are compelling for. From an investment standpoint.
I understand. I appreciate that. Yeah, we actually I think we're aligned with you because we actually have our QA based around like showcasing like how much money.
To it.
You know, customers can save. You know, understanding that like on average it takes about $4,700 to $7,000 per hire right and based off of our pricing in our in our process that we actually expedite that time from, no, instead of months, you're actually hiring, tennis within 6 days and saving close to 50% of that.
Higher costs using our platform so trying to really showcase that in the QA section.
That's great. And you can refer at that point to the demo. As well, like because it's good to be like, because we're limiting step 1, 2, and 4 from the process.
It goes from this this much time to this.
Yeah, I like that. I like that. Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, we have to utilize that like the steps that we eliminate.
And I'm sorry, I didn't catch it.
Yeah.
That was Jake.
Okay, got it. Thanks, Dick.
Oh yeah, there you Yeah, sure.
I'll say this is Andrew. I love your pitch. I'm biased because this is a problem that I have struggled with so much on the hiring side and also has just given me.
Endless amounts of guilt as well the 75% never hearing back like I was that jerk who didn't get back to those people, right, when I was hiring.
So I loved it from the person who dealt with this problem. I thought your stats were great. I think your product.
Sounds great. Like it's all a real problem there. You know, some of the KPIs I'm sure that you're looking at in the future, but like What is your placement rate?
What is the placement time? What's the average retention when somebody is placed, right? Those are going to be keys because I know the one fear I would have in.
The customer's position is what is the error rate is there anything I'm missing out on for instance but, you know, I think there's a lot of value.
I don't know what the level of setup is per candidate in this, but I see this little value equation of like, you know, the time to set up minus the time saved is kind of the incremental value that you bring.
And it seems like that could be pretty profound. I think I just wanted to say you guys, it's a great pitch.
And I would definitely keep a lot of it. I love the stats.
Okay, I appreciate it. Thanks. Thanks, Andrew. Anything else?
Hey Arthur.
Oh, come on. I'm bringing the love. I'm bringing the love Arthur.
Thomas, come on. Yeah, Thomas, what's up? I want to hear from you, my man, cause you, we talked to you and you're like, You're like, you're like, art, I love it.
And then by the end of our call, you're like, don't like it. So like, tell me what you think.
I did I said I'm waiting to get that middle finger emoji email from you in about 6 months so dude, but I really like your pitch.
Thanks.
Arthur straight up. I'm no, BS. I'm not trying to make up for being a jerk to you on M or madness.
I wouldn't say you're being a jerk. I wouldn't say that at all.
So don't don't think put them on yourself.
I like the way you've stated the problem. Yeah, thank you. Okay. But I thank you.
I understood the problem. I like the way you presented it. I understood your why. It's very it was a bit personal to you.
I got that. So I really like the pitch and it made me want. To watch the demo in the queue and listen to the Q&A.
And that's kind of what I wanted from you. You know what I mean? And so I liked it.
I just did. I like your pitch. And I like the way I like, I like the way you presented it.
Appreciate it. Anybody from the cohort?
No.
We're a little, we're on time for,
I'll just quickly say that I like your Conviction art. That's my key feedback.
I could I could I could sense the conviction in your feedback. But yeah.
Thank you.
Thanks, Seth.
Kevin, just checking, are you okay with being pushed back a slot again? Sorry, I don't know if you saw the chat.
Yeah, sure, sure.
Yeah, yeah, Kevin, I'm so sorry, and thank you, for letting me.
Is that okay? Thank you so much. So So Marath, if you want to go ahead.
Cut you in line. So appreciate it. Tom and, Jake, and Andrew, really appreciate your guys' time.
So our pitch, we intend to do the 1 min pitch first.st then our 1 min product demo video, which, we intend to highlight the key benefits of our product in.
And then at the end we'll have our Q&A. And the primary objective of the pitch is to really peak investor interest.
So if you guys can kind of look at the pitch from that lens, I think that would be really helpful.
So here it goes. The legal industry has largely remained unchanged over the past 3 decades.
Today, lawyers still manually draft and review every contract. A process that consumes hours and often becomes a bottleneck for businesses.
Eager to close deals. This is precisely why we see a significant opportunity for disruption in the legal industry, especially in the realm of agreements and contracts.
My name is Samarth Gupta and I am the CEO of Lexi Q. At Lexi Q, we're harnessing the power of generative AI to modernize contract drafting and analysis to bring lawyers into the 21st century.
Gartner predicts that the legal tech market will be valued at over 50 billion dollars globally by 2027 due to gen AI.
We at Lex IQ are poised to be pioneers. Leading the charge and capturing this emerging market.
Join us on our journey to transform legal tech and empower lawyers. Thank you.
54 seconds.
Is that, Did you happen to say what has changed that will that is now allowing for there to be more disruption or innovation in law.
So we just mentioned generative AI, but we don't go into more specifics than that in the pitch, at least in the 1 min pitch.
If there is a sentence there in between you transition, cause like what starts to like echo in my mind is like There's been no, nobody's been able to break into this field for.
Ever. And that's why we're going to be able to break into this field. And it's like what it makes me feel like like what have they been doing and that hasn't been working.
Again, that also could be hit on during your QA. You're saving 6 seconds here.
You can move that right over there and then Do well with it. And so I just wouldn't let that.
If I were you right like nobody is able to do anything innovative here and that's where we're choosing to innovate.
On one hand, great, if you accomplish what you're trying to accomplish, that's a great mode.
On the other hand, like Alright, but why, you know, you don't wanna signal hubris, like you wanna essentially signal.
That you're wise and have seen why now is different, which.
Yeah. My, my CTO worked at Lexus Nexus. So I am definitely aware and I have multiple friends that are now in law and like it's ridiculous what this tech is like so I definitely believe that there's opportunity here.
Nice. Gotcha. Okay, yeah, noted.
Yeah, felt a little general to me if I'm being honest. I like the problem you're trying to solve, I think.
There's it seems like I know at one time I think it was Lexus Nexus I looked at.
And like they had a slider on their site and like 4 out of the 5 slides on that site were dedicated to something AI, right?
Whether it was case law or technology and so it's something that clearly a lot of people are thinking about.
I think your timing is good that wouldn't be disputed, but the question that came to me was What approach are you taking?
That truly makes you different, you know, especially with something like that where some of these other competitors might have such a larger body of training data.
It seems like from the outside that it might put you at a disadvantage. So what is unique about you guys that is allowing you to be able to get an advantage in there?
And that's what I was hoping to hear that I didn't. And if there's any way to lend a little more specificity to that point, I think it would make it much more powerful.
Gotcha. Gotcha. No, I think that's a great point. And we do intend to cover that.
As part of our QA so do you think it we should still I guess drop a line in our kind of intro pitch as well regarding our product differentiator.
It's all trade off on time and clarity and how compelling you can be, right? So only you can truly answer that depending on, you know, it's hard for me to answer without knowing what that information is.
And I don't know that we have enough time for you to tell me, but if there's something succinct that you can add.
Got it.
That adds a punch there. I wouldn't hesitate to do it if I were you. It's just matter of can you communicate it in 6 to 10 seconds, with something really compelling.
Gotcha. Okay, thank you.
Hey, Sam, Tom here. I did, I really like your pitch. Even for non-investors like okay for I think for investors you hit the mark I I understand your market, I understand what you're attacking.
And maybe want to come talk to you after the pitch, right? And watch and listen to the Q&A and watch the demo.
And if I'm interested in legal tech, I'm gonna talk to you. And then you can have that conversation about differentiators, non differentiators.
There are people in this market, you know that. And you're in this marketing, so go ahead and be this market, right?
So I like it, man. I like the way you put it together.
Gotcha. Awesome. Thank you so much, Tom. I appreciate it.
Awesome. Thank you guys. Kevin, so sorry to keep you on deck for so long.
Yeah.
Alright, anybody else? Alright, so, thanks guys, for being here and taking this time.
Our goal is, fundraising. Our pitch is basically getting people to understand the problem.
The customer in the market, the video is how we're gonna solve the problem and the QA is more clarification on go to market attraction and milestones.
So here we go.
So the restaurant industry is forecasted to reach 1.1 trillion dollars this year. It's a gigantic space, but it's also one of the most brutal businesses around.
Kind of like being a start. I'm Kevin Malley and I'm the CEO of Giffground.
We started building restaurant relationships with digital gift cards and wanted to further expand with loyalty, but realize loyalty programs simply aren't doing the job for restaurants because 4 out of 5 fail within 5 years and their profit margins still remain less than 5%.
Many of you may remember the TV sitcom Cheers. Did you ever picture norm going to a bar that wasn't run by Sam?
It would never happen. Why? Because of the relationship. Those relationships are really hard to build.
That's why we're providing restaurants and their staff with a platform that will forever change how restaurants interact with their guests and increase the size of their check.
We're building more than loyalty at GIF. We're empowering restaurants to better understand their customers so they can have meaningful relationships that make them want to return.
Let's meet Norm.
It's 103.
I really like it. I think that if there is If you have this capability, it'd be really great.
If not, don't worry about it. But what would the impact of everybody coming back one extra time be?
Does that get them over? A certain home, meet the restaurant viable. Do something there.
If you're able to like put a number there, I think be really powerful. But if not, I think you're in a great spot as there.
That's great. Thank you.
Yeah, I don't have much for you. I thought that was excellent, frankly.
Thanks. Appreciate that, Andrew.
Hey, Tom.
Hey, Kevin, time here. I like the pitch. Hey, man. How's it going?
Good. Living the dream.
Okay. Yeah, yeah, you are. I like the pitch. I get the market, I get everything.
So Good on you. I might if If I pull my curmudgeon camp on for just a half a second I understand the call back to norm at the end.
I don't know if that's the way you should end it. I'm not sure yet.
Cause you, you got a lot, you got a great story to tell, man. You do. And, and if people adopt this, it's going to increase.
My check size and and the repeat customers I have at whatever restaurant market that you're in right and so, so I'm not sure about that.
Yeah.
I'll defer to you. Cause you're smarter than me. You know, you're smarter than me, but if you want, that's cool.
Yeah, please. I don't know about that.
I'm, I'm good. I'll go with the either way, man. It was good.
Awesome. Thank you.
Amazing. Next up, we've got Mature, you.
I'm here. Alright, cool, cool. So we are going to be doing pitch first.st
Video second and then QA and we are trying to both meet possible investors and generally people who are interested in the music, business overall.
Okay, here we go. The average musician makes less than 20 K per year. And yet Taylor Swift earned over 1 billion dollars on her latest store.
Why is there such a discrepancy? Well, it's because most musicians are not great business people.
That's why they hire managers. But sometimes, even their managers leave money on the table. And that's why we built Sakata.
We partner with managers to make more money for artists. We do this by focusing on the actual experience which is by far the most profitable part of the business.
Before you get up, musicians were only earning from tickets and march, with Tikata that they can unlock 6 new revenue streams at every single gig.
These include paid dedications and song requests, pass the merge for every fan and synchronize calls to action that relate to the song being performed.
That is already being used by musicians in 12 countries, which makes perfect sense because we build it for ourselves.
We the founders are both professional musicians and highly I think of people. I used to care at every get.
Here's how it works.
56 seconds.
Yes.
Okay, same thing here as Vincent. You gotta slow down. You're just like me.
We like to talk fast. I understand. You even have extra seconds. You may need to cut a few words to give yourself down to like 50 at your normal rate.
And then just speak 10 seconds more slowly over the whole thing. His like, we all know your business, so I'm sure we all got it, but I'm sure our judges.
Maybe didn't get every single word you wanted them to. Because we just gotta slow down. It's so Good.
Like I really like your script and so I want everybody to hear every single word. It's very important.
So we'll work next week together. But what did everyone else think?
Yeah, it's you gotta know when Lilian comes in with the feedback just internalize that as much as possible.
Yeah, I mean, I totally agree. I would Highly, highly, highly encourage you, particularly with the QA.
Lean into one person. You're pitching one to 3 people in that room. So it's either investors or it's manage people who are involved with managers.
I would say do the investors in the people who are potentially into artist management or have a friend who's an artist manager, they'll naturally come up to you and be like, hey, have this buddy who does this thing, but like you're pitching for investor intros or investment like.
Lean into that.
I know you guys, I've heard you pitch this business. I actually was in your screening committee too, so I heard you pitched the business then.
You've been using the Taylor Swift example since then. I had the same problem. I the intro.
That I'd been using forever and it sounds so good so natural to me. But that's not your core customer anymore.
It's managers. And so I think potentially subbing out that. Opening 4 sentences. Or when the managers are screwing up, how existential their lives are, their livelihoods are in these like critical moments when March doesn't show up on whatever you found these conversion points to be.
That could be that could be really helpful and then like you know, we can talk about the QA if you want to, but that's why I would say within that page, then as you get into it as long as the part about you guys still makes sense.
And it's like, that's a really solid pitch. It's just the Small artist to tell a swift piece of it may be a little bit outdated for where you guys are at now.
Amazing. Thank you so much, Jake. Thank you.
I liked it. You know, I thought your energy was great. You did go a little fast.
That's kind of one of the downsides of the energy, but I thought the energy was great.
You know, help road me in a little bit. And it showed your passion and I think that's, pretty important.
Also thought the articulation of the social proof. Like the traction you guys have and the way that you made it clear about the alternative revenue streams, how it can translate to more money.
I think it's great. If it's possible to close that loop, I might have missed it.
But if it's possible to close that loop with what the potential impact could be financially to those musicians.
Is it a 5% lift? Is it a 20% lift? Is there a way to quantify it in dollars?
Is there a way to quantify it in terms of what it could do to the average? I don't know, but you know, messing with some numbers and showing what that vision of the future looks like.
If you guys are able to accomplish what you want is, I think could help.
Amazing. Thank you so much for that. As well. Fabulous.
This is so cool.
Hey, Mercia, how's it going, man? I'll echo both of those.
That's really good.
I dude, I like the pitch. I understand the market that you're going after. You know, average musician and how to help them make more money and stuff and, You know, I, I think it's good.
I think, I think, you know, I'm gonna want to listen again. I'm gonna, I'm gonna wanna watch the video and listen to the Q&A.
You can go in more depth as to. You know, your your why of doing it or how how you're gonna continue to help the musicians but I think it's a good pitch.
I really do.
Okay, I'm honored. Alright.
I do I do also want to say that I'm dealing with cicadas now in here in the western suburbs of Chicago And I don't want to make any analogies between how they live their lives and maybe the average musician.
I don't know because they have like a 7 day life so they better go to Taylor Swift money soon because they're all gonna be gone after making a lot of noise for about 3 weeks I think.
And there you go.
You know, that's why we named it. Because they They make a lot of noise together. That's right.
They make a lot of noise. They lift they live life really well. You want to you want them to make as much money as they can before their short life is over.
Yeah.
The average, maybe the average musician doesn't do it for more than 5 or 6 years. I don't know.
So I'm not changing your pitch here, but dude, I get what you're doing and I think it's I think you'll do well demo night.
Thank you.
You know, Tom, that's so relevant for the Midwest when we had Brent Pain here, you know, the SEO guy from Chicago.
He, that was the 1st thing he said to me. It was like, oh. The cicadas like I do not like your name because they are the worst.
And the apparently this year is like the worst year or something of like the cicadas. So.
We're very aware of that for the brand name.
Yeah, call me. I give you the whole details if you wanna hear about this the case.
Cool, so we have time for one more. It looks like the CEOs on the call that haven't gone are Felipe, Brian.
I think that's it.
Internet issues at the moment.
Yeah, Dan had to go on his phone. Do Brian or Philippe want to go? Do either of you want to try and get some feedback?
Really?
I can go, but I am in an airport, so if there is a lot of noise, sorry about that, but I just are right.
We can hear you just fine.
Okay, perfect. Okay. Thank you. Well, I also, I'm trying to get the investors on writing.
I'm going to do the pitch first, st then the more video and the QA. So here I go.
So with over 18 years working in real estate, I saw how property owners need to furnish quickly with minimal effort.
At Go House, we address this need by using AI to categorize products into a style. Creating personalized real-time visualizations of the decorated spaces that can be furnished within a week.
And our partnership with retailers ensures that every item is in a stock and ready for immediate purchase. We are started by integrating our platform with Walmart tilts.
Where over 3,000 customers so personalized product recommendations in just a few months. Personally, in e-commerce can boost revenue by 40%.
So now through Dexters, we are proving our value in the multi-family rental market with over 50 million children rentals units globally, properties must be furnished quickly with a style and within budget to secure higher deal.
I am Felipe co-founder and CEO of Go House. We're simplify and accelerating decoration processes.
Let me show you how.
56 seconds.
Nice.
Nice work. I think, one of the questions that is going through my mind, is How big of a problem is this?
Okay.
Right, and how can you potentially quantify that? So, you know, is it? Based on lost occupancy.
Time due to the time it takes to furnish is it you know, I don't know. You know, some, other consequence, but I think helping paint that picture.
To to showcase the utilization of your product, I think might be useful.
And then obviously what the impact is of that.
Great, thank you, Andrew.
This, your background looks fake. It was like a zoom background. I, you guys have, you guys have a huge thing going for you for this pitch, which is that you have closed a massive client.
So Walmart. Is that will catch everybody's attention. I mean, I think you've seen the power that that one client has for you guys in your QA hit on the go to market.
Make sure that it's understood that this business grows outside of it and then potentially play around with it.
I have no conviction on this, but to Andrews point, you could potentially, how big is this problem?
Walmart was willing to pay us X per Y to solve it for them or Walmart was willing to pay us X to solve it for them.
Could signal like hey this huge company filled with smart individuals is like. Willing to. Cut into their own margins for us for this like it's probably worthwhile I don't know answer does that like How's that gonna approach?
Yeah, I had no idea how you did not mention Walmart. That's new information to me and that is a big trust builder.
Okay.
Yeah.
Cool. So I think we'll have to wrap there. Go ahead.
I just want